samples: matter: Align changes in all samples to sysbuild (#15686)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/matter_weather_station/README.rst

      .. group-tab:: nRF Connect for VS Code

         To build the application in the nRF Connect for VS Code IDE for Thingy:53 with the nRF7002 EB attached, add the expansion board and the build type variables in the build configuration's :guilabel:`Extra CMake arguments` and rebuild the build configuration.
         For example: ``-- -Dmatter_weather_station_SHIELD=nrf7002eb -DFILE_SUFFIX=release -DSB_CONFIG_WIFI_NRF700X=y``.

      .. group-tab:: Command line

         To build the sample from the command line for Thingy:53 with the nRF7002 EB attached, use the following command within the sample directory:

         .. code-block:: console

            west build -b thingy53/nrf5340/cpuapp -- -Dmatter_weather_station_SHIELD=nrf7002eb -DFILE_SUFFIX=release -DSB_CONFIG_WIFI_NRF700X=y

Generating factory data
=======================

> To enable factory data support, you need to select the ``overlay-factory_data`` configuration overlay from the available application :ref:`build configuration overlays <matter_weather_station_app_build_configuration_overlays>`, set the :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_MATTER_FACTORY_DATA` kconfig option to ``y``, and switch the file suffix to ``factory_data``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable factory data support, you need to select the ``overlay-factory_data`` configuration overlay from the available application :ref:`build configuration overlays <matter_weather_station_app_build_configuration_overlays>`, set the :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_MATTER_FACTORY_DATA` kconfig option to ``y``, and use the ``factory_data`` file suffix.
```
I think this is correct, since a suffix isn't required by default so switching might not be the case.

You can generate new factory data set when building for the given board target by invoking the following command:

.. code-block:: console

   west build -b thingy53/nrf5340/cpuapp -- -DEXTRA_CONF_FILE=overlay-factory_data.conf -DSB_CONFIG_MATTER_FACTORY_DATA_GENERATE=y -DFILE_SUFFIX=factory_data

This command builds the application with default certificates.
After building for the board target, the generated :file:`factory_data.hex` file will be merged with the application target HEX file, so you can use the :ref:`regular command to flash it to the device <programming>`.

If you want to use Vendor ID, Product ID or other data that is not reserved for tests, you need custom test certificates.
To build with custom certificates, you need to :ref:`install CHIP Certificate Tool <ug_matter_gs_tools_cert_installation>`.

.. important::

>     If you modify any of the factory data-related Kconfig option you need to build a Matter sample with the pristine option to clear the CMake cache or clear the cache manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you modify any of the factory data-related Kconfig options, you need to either build the application with the pristine option to clear the CMake cache or clear the cache manually.
```
